Speaker Unknown: I'd
Speaker SPEAKER_01: like to call to order the Community Television of Santa Cruz County Board of Directors meeting for April 24th, 2014. I'd like to do a roll call. I'm here, Nathan Benjamin. Not here, James Fisher. Not here, Tess Fitzgerald. Not here, Joe Hall. Not here, Kieran
Speaker SPEAKER_02: McDonough. Is here. I'm here.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
Speaker Unknown: I'm here.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Lou Tuaso? Here. Adam Wade? Here. Tom Mannheim? Here. Thank
Speaker SPEAKER_03: you. The bottom of the list made it.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Are there any late additions to the agenda? Because there are, I do want to change the consent agenda. Are there any late additions to the agenda? Okay. Everything that's on the consent agenda, we need to move to a regular agenda. Finance committee did not have a quorum, so we could leave approved minutes on the consent agenda. Okay, but the finance committee two items need to be brought to the full board, and the governance committee has asked that the rules and procedures be brought to the full board. So I'm going to move five, six, and seven to the regular agenda. I'll keep their numbers. And I'll just keep for the consent agenda. If that's acceptable with the rest of the board, then I'll ask for approval, a motion to approve the consent agenda, which is just a minute. So Tom moves. And I'll second that. Okay. Any discussion? Okay. All those in favor? Aye. Opposed? Seeing none. It's unanimous. Okay. So then item five now is on the regular agenda is approve recommendation of the Finance Committee Item now is accept the March 31 financials as proposed by the executive director. So
Speaker SPEAKER_02: can I just make a really clarifying comment for folks? So we, when we had our bookkeeper take a look at it, the CPA who normally comes hadn't come because of tax season. So we actually had the bookkeeper reconcile today. So we are up to date as of March 31st. So the finance supplement that I gave you this evening, has been corrected. So I just wanted you to know that because there were a number of things that changed in the last month, in March, that were very critical for you to be able to look at. For example, the $48,000 that we took out as a loan from the community credit union, that hadn't been entered because we didn't receive it until March. And so it had to be reconciled for March and now it's in there. Additionally, the funding that we get from the county hadn't arrived until April 4th. So that will not, that'll be a month slightly delayed as well. But I don't think, I think it's all good news. And having it reconciled, I just want to make sure you have the correct numbers tonight.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Does the board need some time to look at the
Speaker Unknown: agenda?
Speaker SPEAKER_00: Where's
Speaker SPEAKER_03: the loan?
Speaker SPEAKER_02: Oh, I see it
Speaker SPEAKER_03: under business. Oh, that just needs to be, that's just a typo.
Speaker SPEAKER_02: Business equipment loan. There is
Speaker SPEAKER_00: a typo,
Speaker SPEAKER_02: thank you. Busy knees. Business. Yeah, we'll get that fixed. That would be my only comment to fix that little... Sure. And just so you know that it's not an actual loan. I mean, it is, but it's secured against our 12 month certificate that's at the credit union. So it was less liability for them to give us that loan. And we've already put it in the county's budget for capital budget for 2015. So we will receive those funds back from the county and pay ourselves back as of July after July 1st. So that will be taken off as a liability. Great.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: If there's no further discussion, do we have a motion for number five?
Speaker SPEAKER_02: I'd like to make a motion that we approve the financials per the executive director with the one little typo corrected.
Speaker SPEAKER_03: Second.
Speaker Unknown: Okay. Any
Speaker SPEAKER_01: further discussion? All those in favor? Aye. Opposed? None. The next item is the CTV Finance policies, which was also part of your packet. And this is, as it came out in our committee discussion, although it wasn't a meeting, even though it was a quorum, this is an addendum to the current policies that we have. They need to still be merged in with the current policies to make sure that there's nothing that is redundant. But the main purpose was that our auditor asked us to come up with a checklist that the treasurer and the ED initialed at the end of each month That's part of the packet. And the other things were just general financial policies that are normal for nonprofits. It did come up that there was a concern from a board member that it specifically says all mail will be opened by the ED or the board chair, and the ED and the board chair feel that that is a reasonable and normal policy. I'm happy to entertain any discussion if someone disagrees, but it seems like that's the normal kind of policy. All business mail that comes
Speaker SPEAKER_02: If it becomes onerous, we can always make amendments to it later. I think that the main concern is that employees should not expect to receive personal mail at the organization's business address. So that's really what it was addressing. That any mail that comes in for any employee past, present, future that the executive director or the board chair have to be able to open any mail that looks like it's for CTV. And any mail that is received here is assumed to be business mail. We don't want employees getting mail here.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Got it. Okay. Well, if that's... For instance, there's a piece of mail that comes here every year with my name on it. It's the parking actually every quarter and it's the parking fees from the city of Santa Cruz. How I
Speaker SPEAKER_00: got my name on it I don't know,
Speaker SPEAKER_01: but I certainly want Kathy to open that and make sure that it's paid. And we don't want to wait for
Speaker SPEAKER_02: a month if
Speaker SPEAKER_01: you're out of
Speaker SPEAKER_02: town or when have you to have to check on that mail and also there's things that are in passing.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: There may be mail that comes to you here as previous chair. It's very possible. Yeah, and I'm sure there's mail that comes to Mary Ann Teichen. There is, quite a bit. Previous, and Lynn, so I think that's pretty standard. Well, no, that
Speaker SPEAKER_02: seems like it's a really sensible solution to that.
Speaker SPEAKER_00: I don't have a problem with that. Since we're discussing it, does that formalize the, I guess, policy that we have that's somewhere that the board members should have read to know that, or should we somehow kind of memorialize it in some fashion? Because it seems like if that's happening, that it should be happening. except for, you know, in these instances where somebody, you know, sends you something because it's tied into what you do as a poor president. But should we do that or is it pretty standard procedure just to kind of talk about it and not leave it alone? Or should we give a letter out to that individual and say, hey, if you are getting mail sent to CTV, personal mail, that needs to cease and desist?
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Well, the board hires executive director, and executive director deals with employees. And I'm sure Kathy has dealt with this. There has been a
Speaker SPEAKER_02: conversation with that employee and the manager.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: It's already been taken care of. Just a reminder, we don't talk to employees directly about these things. OK. Is there any other discussion on the financial policies? or I think what Tom was recommending, yes.
Speaker SPEAKER_03: So I will make a motion to approve the CTV financial policies that you have in your packet as an addendum to the existing financial policy.
Speaker SPEAKER_00: I second.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Okay, any further discussion? None. Okay, I'd like to take the vote. All those
Speaker Unknown: in favor say aye.
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Aye.
Speaker Unknown: Opposed?
Speaker SPEAKER_01: None. So, any other announcements? Okay,
Speaker SPEAKER_00: I
Speaker SPEAKER_01: will accept the motion for adjournment.
Speaker SPEAKER_03: So moved. Second?
Speaker SPEAKER_01: Okay, all those in favor? Aye. Opposed? Thank you everyone.